A dusty plain. Geometry stands in for grit.
Stacked cylinders rise: boots, legs, torso.
Across the way, another figure takes shape.
Two silhouettes face each other across the plane.
The camera settles in, air humming with heat.
A sphere rolls in from the left—
—a tumbleweed: its spin set by distance over radius.
Wind lines sweep the ground like sketched strokes.
The sphere wobbles past center, light and empty.
We drop to ground level: a slow, sand-hugging glide.
Cloth creaks; hinges prime at the shoulders.
Arms pivot about fixed points, tilting toward danger.
Silence expands between parallel silhouettes.
A slow orbit: circling the variables of resolve.
Nothing moves. That stillness is geometry too.
We pull back: the plane dwarfs the players.
Balance holds. No shot—just form and tension.
Cut.